----

In Section 13.6 I use dictionaries to find the words that appear in a document but not in a word list. The function I wrote takes <span>d1</span>, which contains the words from the document as keys, and <span>d2</span>, which contains the list of words. It returns a dictionary that contains the keys from <span>d1</span> that are not in <span>d2</span>.

    def subtract(d1, d2):
        res = dict()
        for key in d1:
            if key not in d2:
                res[key] = None
        return res

In all of these dictionaries, the values are <span>None</span> because we never use them. As a result, we waste some storage space.

Python provides another built-in type, called a <span>set</span>, that behaves like a collection of dictionary keys with no values. Adding elements to a set is fast; so is checking membership. And sets provide methods and operators to compute common set operations.

For example, set subtraction is available as a method called <span>difference</span> or as an operator, <span>-</span>. So we can rewrite <span>subtract</span> like this:

    def subtract(d1, d2):
        return set(d1) - set(d2)

The result is a set instead of a dictionary, but for operations like iteration, the behavior is the same.

Some of the exercises in this book can be done concisely and efficiently with sets. For example, here is a solution to `has_duplicates`, from the Chapter 10 Exercise, that uses a dictionary:

    def has_duplicates(t):
        d = {}
        for x in t:
            if x in d:
                return True
            d[x] = True
        return False

When an element appears for the first time, it is added to the dictionary. If the same element appears again, the function returns <span>True</span>.

Using sets, we can write the same function like this:

    def has_duplicates(t):
        return len(set(t)) < len(t)

An element can only appear in a set once, so if an element in <span>t</span> appears more than once, the set will be smaller than <span>t</span>. If there are no duplicates, the set will be the same size as <span>t</span>.

We can also use sets to do some of the exercises in Chapter 9. For example, here’s a version of `uses_only` with a loop:

    def uses_only(word, available):
        for letter in word: 
            if letter not in available:
                return False
        return True

`uses_only` checks whether all letters in <span>word</span> are in <span>available</span>. We can rewrite it like this:

    def uses_only(word, available):
        return set(word) <= set(available)

The `<=` operator checks whether one set is a subset or another, including the possibility that they are equal, which is true if all the letters in <span>word</span> appear in <span>available</span>.

As an exercise, rewrite `avoids` using sets.

